(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: "Snapshot" did not
even place in the top 10.
Nia, boom!
Hip!
Give me something!
You're barking at her!
MELISSA: Come on.
You're our rock, honey.
ABBY: Nia was first place in her category.
You won!
We're going to Vegas, to
Los Angeles, and Lake Tahoe.
-I'm not going to Vegas.
-You're a quitter.
Whatever.
ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms.
Maddie, I'm giving you the week off.
Chloe, you wanted this shot,
you better win.
Why wouldn't you want
to be like Maddie?
I wanna be like Maddie!
Chloe is Chloe and that is good enough!
Not for you!
My shoulder hurts.
If it pops out,
get it back in there.
BROOKE: I don't think I'm gonna be
able to dance with my shoulder pain.
Everybody gets a new costume
every week and I get (bleep).
Just pull the number.
Paige, are you absolutely positive
you want me to go pull this number?
("Living on the Dance Floor"
by Nikko Lowe playing)
SINGER: ♪Get up, get on the floor♪
♪My world is with my girls♪
♪Living on the dance floor♪
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Here we are in Las Vegas, Nevada.
We're here to attend the
Thunderstruck competition.
MELISSA: Come on, girls!
ABBY: Vegas is really important
because we only have two more
competitions before
our nationals in Tahoe.
Welcome to Las Vegas!
I want to reflect on Starpower last week.
Some of you did really well,
however, as a whole,
not so great.
I brought Brandon in.
I thought that would do the trick
and the dance was a mess.
The competition in Las Vegas
this week is Thunderstruck
and we have four days to prepare.
As a group this particular
group has never not placed
in the overall high scores,
so you need to be flawless this week.
(tense music playing)
ABBY: Vivi-Anne, not here.
Her mother made it quite clear
she was not traveling to Las Vegas,
so you know what?
This poor little girl is going to suffer.
Her mother didn't follow the rules.
Let this be a lesson to all of you
and to all of your mothers.
If you don't follow the rules
and you don't give me 100%,
I will yank your number
from the competition.
She's the one that quit.
She's the one that bailed.
She is the one that ran back to Ohio.
You know, we've been on the road.
There's bonds that have been made.
These people have worked
under great pressure,
and it's that old adage.
I could talk about my moms,
but don't anybody else talk about them.
Next up, Mackenzie.
Honey, I'm sorry you
lost your duet partner.
However, I want you to practice
on all of your jumps
and all of your tricks because next week
you will definitely be competing.
Okay.
I don't care if I'm not dancing.
I just like to hang out at the pool.
ABBY: Paige, your performance
is good but you're not winning
and you're not placing in the overalls,
and I feel that you should be placing
definitely in the top 10.
This is your city.
You have the long legs.
You have the look. Yes?
Because of that, Paige,
you're getting a solo.
Understood?
Second row, Nia.
Last week in Orlando
you finally won your category.
I think you need to do that all the time.
So I hope that your mother now
trusts me and doesn't question
my every move.
I've had it with that.
It's what you do on stage that matters,
not the choreography,
not the costuming,
it's you and your technique that
is gonna win the first place.
It felt good to win, didn't it?
-Yes.
-ABBY: Yes.
This week you get another solo,
and I expect you to win again.
Brooke did a great job,
but you didn't make the top 3.
Yes, I understand
the girls were a lot older,
but you can't use excuses.
You should blow them away.
You are doing a solo,
and just like Paige, this is your city.
You've been talking
about Cirque for years,
since you were a little kid.
Certainly somebody from Cirque
is going to be judging you here.
So you need to step it up
and make sure they know your name
at the end of the competition.
BROOKE: When I'm older I want to be
on a Cirque Du Soleil show.
It looked really fun
and they got to do all these cool,
like, wear these cool costumes
and they got to hang on stuff
and, like, walk on the ceiling
and do acro-tricks and stuff.
ABBY: Now,
at the top of the pyramid, Chloe.
Now, you're probably wondering
why because Chloe didn't dance last week.
I keep hearing,
nobody can win because Maddie wins.
Well, you know what?
This is your shot.
Maddie, I'm giving you the week off.
No new solo.
MELISSA: I'm really happy that
Abby is not giving Maddie
a solo this week.
It's giving her a little break
so maybe she can swim a little
or have some time,
and I think it would be really nice
for Chloe to be on top.
ABBY: I'm sick and tired of all
the mothers talking about
how Maddie gets all the attention,
and Maddie gets the pretty costume,
and Maddie gets this and Maddie gets that.
I took Maddie out of the equation.
Now who are they gonna blame?
Chloe, you wanted this shot.
Your mother--all I hear is... (babbling)
Well, you know what?
This is your shot.
Here we are in Las Vegas
and you better win.
CHRISTI: I'm so glad that Chloe's
at the top of the pyramid finally,
but I know why Chloe
is at the top of the pyramid,
and it's to set her up to fail.
ABBY: Maddie,
you're gonna do the group dance.
You will not be performing
a solo this week.
Now understand,
this has nothing to do with you.
I want to let somebody else
have a chance to win.
I put Chloe on top
because she had last week off.
So she has no excuses.
She must win.
Let's talk about the group number.
Where are we again?
DANCERS: Las Vegas!
MELISSA: Vegas is really important to us
because we only have two more shots
till we go to our huge nationals
in Lake Tahoe.
So this is a really important win.
Does everyone know another name
they use for this city?
-Brooke?
-Sin City.
-ABBY: Sin City.
-Good job, Brooke.
-(laughing)
-ABBY: That's right.
The concept of this contemporary routine
is Sin City.
We chose a piece about
the seven deadly sins,
but we don't have seven girls.
So we went with sinful
just to kind of get a little bit
of a darker vibe to the piece.
Put your bags away.
Moms, go ahead.
Come on, let's go.
Dun dun dun dun. Let's go.
(hip-hop music playing)
So how about my kids
at the bottom of the pyramid again?
-HOLLY: Aw. I'm sorry.
-Surprise, surprise!
MELISSA: But you know what?
I just want to tell you something.
I think that her solo was the best
she's ever done any solo.
Didn't you?
She acted so well in it.
Especially in her age category.
I mean, you have to do...
-MELISSA: She made me smile.
-...some kind of dancing in it.
HOLLY: That was my concern for
the (indistinct) dance was the same thing.
-There wasn't a lot of dance--
-CHRISTI: Well, Nia (indistinct) pyramid.
-KELLY: Yeah!
-She did.
-How about the big...
-HOLLY: Although--
...red slash over Vivi's face?
HOLLY: How cruel.
That is cruel!
HOLLY: You should never put any
mark on anybody's face.
It's like one big bullseye.
Why don't you just throw darts at it?
-Wait until Cathy sees that.
-CHRISTI: She's not gonna--
-HOLLY: I would be offended.
-I don't think we're ever gonna
see Cathy again.
-I think Cathy hit the road. No.
-HOLLY: You don't think so?
(playful music playing)
CATHY: As I was driving home
from Pittsburgh, I was elated.
I could not get far enough
away from the Abby Lee Dance Company.
I was really happy to see the Ohio sign,
Ohio welcomes you.
I couldn't have been happier.
(foreboding music playing)
CATHY: First of all, ladies, gentleman,
I'm so happy to be back.
As you know, I was splitting
my time from the Abby Lee Dance Center
and Candy Apples.
I wanted Vivi to get
a little bit more experience
because she's starting
to get on that brink of titles,
and with me being her mom,
I wanted to let her go to a dance teacher
that wasn't me and wasn't Erin,
and I felt that that was important.
But while I was there,
it was an experience of a lifetime.
She is winning competitions,
and I say she,
I am talking about Abby Lee Miller.
And I don't know how
she is winning everywhere
she goes because her kids
have a ton of technical issues.
I'm starting to feel this energy
that the plan that I'm going for
is what I really,
truly am going to do,
and I'm gonna put it in motion.
And that is that Candy Apples
Dance Center is going
to meet up with the Abby Lee dancers
in Hollywood,
and we're gonna go head to head.
There are going to be
three of you that get
to go to Hollywood, California.
(tense music playing)
CATHY: Justice, Justice,
you are going to go to Hollywood.
(tense music playing)
CATHY:
Vivi, Vivi had the inside scoop there.
You are going to go to Hollywood.
And our third Apple,
Taylor (indistinct)
Taylor, you will be doing
a contemporary piece
and competing against one
of Abby's so-called finest.
Is it vengeance?
I would say it's artistic vengeance
because I want her to see
what Vivi is capable of.
Hollywood, here we come!
ALL: Hollywood, here we come!
(cheers and applause)
CATHY:
I've got a plan where we can say,
we came, we saw,
we kicked apples.
(jazz music playing)
ABBY: Let's go from
the top with the music.
Place, lift, open.
Back, flex hard!
(contemporary music playing)
Better.
Go.
Push.
Better.
Hold, step, down.
Good.
Since we are here in Las Vegas,
I wanted to do something about the sins.
It's a very dark number.
There is a section of the routine
where each girl does
their own choreography,
and I assigned each one of them
a sin to portray.
Brooke, you would be Sloth,
so I'm telling you right now,
you have all this amazing
talent and you throw it away
and you give it to me sloppy.
None of us really knew
what the seven deadly sins were,
and Abby had to explain it to us.
ABBY: Paige,
you are going to be Gluttony.
Is that the one that's fat?
Gluttony--it's not--
no, you're just thinking
like a pig is like a glutton.
KELLY: The dance was called Sinful.
They were all doing different parts,
but I don't think
they needed to be labeled.
I think it was just another way
for Abby to give a dig.
ABBY: Nia, you are going to be Greed.
You want it all, you want it right now,
and you want it your way.
HOLLY: Nia was assigned greedy.
Mia is the antithesis of greedy.
She is--there's not a greedy bone
in that child's body.
Maddie, you are going to be Wrath.
What that means is you get upset,
you are ragingly angry.
MELISSA: She actually handed
each person their own sin
so they can act it out on stage,
but it was just for a dance.
It's just acting.
It's just a role
that everyone has to play.
ABBY: Chloe's gonna be Envy.
Do you know what envy is?
Envy is like, you wish you had
what another person had,
or you wish that that other person
didn't have it.
CHRISTI: I knew Abby was going
to assign Chloe envy,
and Chloe came over to me,
and she said--
she was upset because she said,
I'm not jealous of Maddie.
No, she's not jealous of Maddie.
The only thing Chloe's jealous of
is the fact that Abby
treats Maddie like a person.
Brooke, I need you to be back a little bit
so that it's staggered on that.
Move off-stage.
(door opening)
ABBY: All right, lots of just--
-oh, hi!
-Hi! (laughing)
ABBY: Come on in!
It's so great to see you!
LIZ: Hi!
ABBY: Liz Lieberman is a friend
of mine from way back when
and she is the epitome
of a Las Vegas showgirl.
This is a dear friend.
This is Liz Lieberman.
Say hello.
-DANCERS: Hi!
-LIZ: Hi all, how are you?
She is the showgirl.
-LIZ: (laughing)
-ABBY: Yes?
They designed entire shows
just around her.
LIZ: Would you like to learn
a little bit about the posture
and walking on the balls of your feet?
-Yes.
-LIZ: Okay.
(indistinct) invented this walk.
CHLOE:
Learning to walk like a showgirl
isn't easy as it looks.
You have to have really good posture
and really good focus.
It's kind of like walking like a giraffe.
The big neck. (chuckles)
LIZ: Now then,
I have a surprise.
So...
-okay, who wants to put some--
-(girls squealing)
(laughing)
Okay.
All right, ladies,
I have one other surprise for you.
(girls squealing)
(playful music playing)
All right, ladies,
I have one other surprise for you...
ABBY: Shh.
LIZ: ...a real, live showgirl, Katie!
-(girls squealing, cheering)
-Oh, my God!
Whoa!
LIZ: Here's Katie!
KELLY: I think the girls were excited
to see an actual showgirl,
and I think it was nice for them
to see this is what you're working for.
This is what you can be someday.
There's one thing.
I was a principle in the show,
and there was a caveat
that I had to work topless.
(tense music playing)
ABBY: I think Liz didn't realize
how young the kids were
because everything was going great
and then she talked about going
topless and I'm like, geez!
LIZ: Not every show in Vegas by
any means, but the shows I did,
we had to.
MELISSA: If Maddie ever told me she wanted
to be a topless dancer,
I would totally lose it.
I would lock her in her room
and throw away the key.
(upbeat music playing)
KELLY: Christi and I
hung out a lot together.
Hi, so sorry.
Sorry, sorry, sorry I'm late.
KELLY: We're pretty good friends.
We do things while our kids
are doing things.
I'm so sorry.
I had to go pick up Chloe's costume.
Oh, your costume's ready?
I'm assuming yours isn't?
Would you expect anything different?
Let me see that costume.
Oh, it's cute.
Yeah, rub it in a little bit.
CHRISTI: Look,
she's a little French traveler.
KELLY: I don't understand why
everybody else has a costume
but my kids don't.
I just don't understand why
my kid never has a costume.
She doesn't get the time
with the choreography and stuff like that.
She gets the (bleep)
choreography, and then--
-The (bleep) costumes?
-...and when she does get them,
they don't fit or they don't go
with the dance.
-CHRISTI: I don't--I don't--
-I'm just so tired of it.
I'm sorry.
I don't know, I hate Vegas.
I know.
We need to do something fun.
We'll have to think about it and
find something that...
-CHRISTI: Right.
-...everybody could do.
Well, I think we need to go because
the kids are almost done with rehearsal.
Our cupcake date's over.
I know.
It was so yummy.
ABBY: All right, ready, Chloe?
Let's go.
Bigger jump,
that needs to be big.
CHLOE: Well, Miss Abby
says this week I have to win
because I don't have
Maddie competing against me.
I guess people say
she's my biggest competitor.
Watch that arm.
I put a lot of pressure on Chloe
because I am sick and tired
of hearing the Maddie excuse.
You know what?
There's 1,000 Maddies out there.
You can't control it.
Go out there and do your best
and win because you're great.
Chloe has amazing opportunities.
She has an amazing future ahead of her,
and I know she has what it takes.
Big!
CHLOE: When Miss Abby's tough
on me it's definitely
not the greatest feeling.
I am giving you this opportunity, yes?
I'm sick and tired of hearing,
"I never win, I never win,
it's not about me,
it's not about me."
It's about you.
Yes?
You have a new solo.
Go out there and win.
She can be tough.
She can be very tough.
ABBY: (indistinct) head up!
(tense music playing)
(upbeat music playing)
CHRISTI: We're in Vegas and we're
in a limo, I'm so excited!
Abby has the girls tonight so we
decided that we're gonna go
for a night out on the town.
And its Vegas so we're gonna live it up.
-(indistinct chatter)
-WOMAN: Woo!
Do we all know where
we're going tonight?
-No!
-CHRISTI: I do, I'm excited.
minus5.
-CHRISTI: What's that?
-And what is it?
It's--like,
the bar is frozen so like,
when you set your drink down--
CHRISTI: When you put
your Diet Coke down, Dr. Holly--
Oh, no.
Dr. Holly and Melissa are drinking.
It's kind of nice to go and chill.
(giggling)
Isn't this neat?
-DANCER 1: Look at that couch!
-DANCER 2: Woo! Oh, my God!
ABBY: The rehearsals
were getting pretty intense.
We were working for hours on end
so I thought we would just
take a little break
and I took them
next door to get ice cream.
What do you think this spoon is for?
DANCERS: Ice cream!
Are we right?
Yes, we're right.
-We're having a treat.
-BOTH: Yes!
Cheers.
(laughing)
Can we get some service here?
My God.
KELLY: So we get to minus5 and we get
to try on fur hats and fur coats.
It was really fun.
-Oh!
-Oh, my God!
(interposing voices)
It's an igloo!
It's made out of ice.
It's cool, literally.
-WOMAN: So cool!
-(moms chattering in excitement)
KELLY: So I was looking around the bar
and there was this ice sculpture of boobs.
And I'm like,
what the heck is this?
Look.
I--it does look like yours!
That's why I invited you to come over!
Look!
Here's Melissa!
(both laughing)
(indistinct chatter)
-CHRISTI: She went to the Pretty Kitty.
-And you've seen me naked.
It was the craziest thing I've ever seen.
ABBY: Oh, my God!
NIA: I love ice cream.
CHLOE: No!
Give it to me!
ABBY:
You have ice cream right there.
Right there.
(girls giggling)
ABBY: Now, listen to me.
We're in Las Vegas.
I want to have a good time.
I do not want your mothers
starting all this crap with me.
That's your job.
When I correct you,
I'm correcting you.
I am not gonna deal
with your mothers rolling their eyes.
CHLOE: Sometimes Miss Abby
just talks and talks
and talks and talks
and talks and talks,
even when we're out for ice
cream sundaes, about dance.
There's no way.
They don't pay me near enough
to put up with all their crap.
-(moms squealing)
-(interposing voices)
-Nope.
It's a shotski!
(laughing)
A shotski! I get it!
-HOLLY: No, I don't do that.
-Listen, shh. Enough.
The group number could win.
It's contemporary.
I want to see those
characters come through.
This number could win.
We flew 3,000 miles here to Las Vegas
to do this competition.
This is not vacation.
This is a dance competition.
-(upbeat rock music playing)
-MAN: One, two, three!
-(people cheering)
-MAN: Woo!
Woo!
I don't know the last time
I--oh, that was pretty good.
Oh, that was good.
(laughing)
(jazz music playing)
SINGER: ♪Yes, you and me♪
♪Will always be together, together♪
ABBY: Now remember,
I want a showgirl.
Introducing Paige.
("Tongue Twister" by Party Colors playing)
PAIGE: My dance is called
"Tongue Twisters"
and it's an acrobatics routine.
And I love the dance
and I use a chair in it.
Swing your hip up there, push it.
Push, push, up, down.
Tuck, jump, down.
The pressure is really on for the solos.
These girls need to get out there
and they need to impress the judges.
They should be on a 20-point
spread between them
and the girl behind them.
That would be the goal.
(upbeat music playing)
I think more of us
have to put our foot down
-when Abby crosses the line.
-That's exactly what--
she's crossed the line--
I don't trust her.
She is not allowed to be alone
with my daughter anymore.
It's almost like she's
afraid to talk to you.
Because I'm right!
So all of us moms
went down to the pool
and had a couple cocktails
and, you know, just chilled out.
And there were men there. (chuckles)
What brings you guys here?
Why are you in Vegas?
-What's going on?
-Dance competition for our kids.
Doesn't it look like it?
Yeah, yeah, I grew up--well, yeah,
I've been dancing my whole life.
We work at Peep Show. So...
Do you dance in Peep Show?
-MAN 1: Yeah.
-Oh!
MAN 1: You guys should come see it.
It's pretty awesome.
Oh, hell no.
Nope, sorry.
I'm definitely not gonna go
see a peep show in Vegas
when my daughters are here with me.
That would be something
for like a bachelorette party.
Do you believe this woman
has every degree under the sun
and never closed a bar until recently?
-WOMAN: I've never closed a bar--
-Are you serious?
You guys are so far away.
We gotta get a little closer.
(threatening music playing)
MAN 2: What degrees do you have?
I have a bachelor's,
a master's, and a doctorate.
That's what--we want her
to be a plastic surgeon.
CHRISTI: She didn't mention
that her doctorate is from Penn.
MAN 2: Like the people
who make the tennis balls?
I bet your neck hurts.
Yeah, cause your brain is so big.
CHRISTI: I think it was funny
that they were flirting with Holly.
Dr. Holly was getting the moves
put on her at the pool.
MAN 3: Okay. Who will give me their number
so I can call you?
Let's roll!
HOLLY: Where did those guys come from?
Why don't they go back there?
Well, I want some tickets
to come see you guys.
-All right.
-We can hook that up.
Give us your number and we'll
make some bad decisions later.
(laughter)
We'll make some bad
decisions--go ahead, Kel.
-MAN 1: She didn't say no.
-MAN 2: Didn't say no.
-All right.
-All right, ladies.
-Later, guys.
-Have a good night.
Good luck. Have a good show.
-Bye-bye.
-Bye, nice meeting you.
(interposing voices)
-Look at you, Dr. Holly.
-HOLLY: Thank you.
GIANNA: Do you know this, Brooke?
Shoulders down.
KELLY: Brooke's dance this week
is called "Metamorphosis,"
and I think it's a perfect
choice for Brooke.
It's almost like she's coming
from a baby into a young woman.
GIANNA:
Where are your legs on that?
I think they're--
Let's just walk through it
once from the top, okay?
My shoulder hurts.
GIANNA: Again?
-This has happened before, yeah?
-Mm-hm.
GIANNA:
You just have to get through it.
If it pops out,
we just need to get it back in there.
Just like, pop it back in.
BROOKE: Lately my shoulder
has been hurting pretty bad
when I do my handstand twist.
I don't think I'm gonna be
able to dance with my shoulder pain
just because it--
I'm always putting pressure on my hands.
Come on, Brooke, pull. Harder.
I know it hurts.
BROOKE:
Not performing is not an option for me.
(brassy jazz music playing)
CHRISTI: So you're at the top
of the pyramid, kiddo.
Yeah, but Miss Abby was saying
to me like, oh, since Maddie's
not in this, you have to win,
you have to win.
You don't have to win
because Maddie's not in this.
You're Chloe.
You're different, and there is nothing
wrong with being Chloe.
Chloe is amazing
because I wouldn't trade one Chloe
for a hundred Maddies.
This week Abby is putting an exorbitant
amount of pressure on Chloe.
She's screaming at her,
telling her,
you're at the top of the pyramid,
you better win.
But I promise you,
I pinky swear,
I pinky swear
that I will not let her continue
to treat you this way, okay?
All right? Lock it.
(kissing)
(dramatic music playing)
-Love you.
-I love you, too.
(kissing)
(tense music playing)
(sighing)
Chlo, I'll be back, okay?
(dramatic music playing)
CHRISTI: When Chloe told me that Abby
has been screaming in her face
and belittling her
and talking to her the way she is,
I will not put up with this anymore.
I can't. I can't.
It is my duty as Chloe's mother
to put an end to it.
(knocking)
(sighing)
ABBY: Okay.
Okay. There's someone at my door,
hang on.
Okay.
All right.
Well, let me--
(knocking)
(sighing)
There's someone
at my door, hang on.
Okay. All right.
Well, let me--
-CHRISTI: I need to talk to you.
-This is rude, again.
Come on.
Christi came to my hotel room unannounced,
which I did not appreciate.
She didn't know if I was indisposed
or if I was in the shower or what.
But you know her,
raised in a barn,
comes knocking on the door,
I need to talk to you.
We'll talk about rude.
ABBY: Christi is rude,
arrogant, and she's clueless.
You're not paying me for this time.
You owe me this time.
I owe you nothing.
-You cannot--
-You're incredibly rude to my daughter.
All I'm asking you for
is to treat my daughter
with a little bit of respect.
I do every single time!
When you are in the picture
your child looks at you.
-Because she's afraid of you.
-ABBY: She's like this.
You ask her a question
and she goes like this.
It's like she's competing with you and me
and you and me and you and me.
When she's there with me all day
she's loving at that's studio.
I've been doing this for 30 years.
There is a great camaraderie,
a wonderful, beautiful relationship
between the child and I,
and the mother is jealous.
You have a problem with your kid!
Get some help!
Oh, Abby.
You do.
CHRISTI: You who live in glass houses
shouldn't throw stones.
I'll throw whatever
the hell I want to throw.
You know why?
Because I am responsible
for Chloe's success.
She wants to be a showgirl herself.
She missed her opportunity.
It's Chloe's time.
Let me do my job.
She is a beautiful dancer.
-She's a great kid, but she looks...
-CHRISTI: Treat her like that, then.
...for you with one eye.
Like this,
scared to death to fail.
Oh, my God,
all she does is fail!
All you do is set her up to fail!
-You've--
-She's holding two national titles!
You went up--you went backstage
before something
and said, be like Maddie!
Who does that to a kid?
Deny it all you want.
-Deny it all you--
-Why wouldn't you want to be like Maddie?
I want to be like Maddie!
Because Chloe doesn't need
to be like Maddie.
Chloe is Chloe and that is good enough!
-For who?
-For her.
Not for you.
Yes, it is!
ABBY: Then why are you so jealous
of an eight-year-old?
Oh, my God.
You should love her unconditionally.
I do--Abby, don't you dare
question my parenting.
I do.
The bottom line is
I would really appreciate it
if you could just be a little bit
kinder to my daughter.
That's the bottom line.
My tears aren't a sign of sadness.
They're really frustration.
I'm so frustrated with this woman.
She will never understand
my point of view
because she's not a mother.
So Chloe's at the top
of the pyramid this week,
and what are your expectations for her?
I expect her to win, hands down.
I expect people to be talking about Chloe.
Okay.
People should be buzzing about her.
I just want to leave
kind of and move forward
because we're obviously kind
of stuck with each other.
-I agree, I agree.
-I know that you're--
you've said it point blank,
you don't like me.
I said I can't stand you.
I'm not as bitchy as I come across.
ABBY:
I saw a more human side of Christi.
She broke down a little bit.
I saw her be a little bit more emotional.
However, I hope I got through to her
that I do have Chloe's
best interest at heart.
She just needs to let me do my job.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: The stakes are high
in Vegas because we're here
to attend the Thunderstruck competition,
and all of the west coast is here.
The kids here are incredible.
The costumes--I mean, it's Vegas.
It's rhinestones
and sequins and feather, oh, my!
So Vegas is really important
because we only have two more
competition before the final
nationals in Lake Tahoe.
Where's our costumes?
All right, here.
Ridiculous.
Those kids should have been dressed,
ready to go,
testing out that stage already.
This is not how I do business.
Why were those three other kids
not over here already?
CHRISTI: I have no idea.
Okay, whose classrooms are whose?
HOLLY: Vegas is really important to us
because we're getting close
to the end and we have to win.
And we haven't won the last
couple of competitions,
and we need to reclaim
some type of victory.
All right, let's go.
(interposing voices)
SINGER: ♪A little like you...♪
ABBY: Come on.
Chins up, confidence.
Let's go.
MADDIE: Before I go on stage for "Sinful"
I need to really get into my character,
and I think we'll do really good with it.
You better have that same
confidence later today.
It's gonna take a
heck of a lot for them
to pull off winning with this routine.
The routine is difficult,
it's contemporary,
and there are incredible dancers
here from the West Coast.
ANNOUNCER: Judges,
up next please welcome to the stage,
488, "Sinful."
(audience applauding)
("Renew" by Lili Roquelin playing)
SINGER: ♪You couldn't stand her bliss♪
♪You had to do your best♪
♪To destroy it, turn it all black♪
♪You manipulated everyone♪
♪And put her in a trap ♪
♪Ooh♪
♪Cause everything she has♪
♪You want to own it, ooh♪
♪Or will you renew your life?♪
(audience applauding)
CHLOE: We all thought we did
a very good job,
and I individually thought
I really played my character
and danced as best as I could.
(energetic music playing)
ANNOUNCER: In seventh place,
routine number 488, "Sinful."
Great job, guys.
Thank you.
That wraps up this...
ABBY:
Seventh overall high score?
That's not the Abby Lee
Dance Company.
We want to be, you know,
at least in the top 5 everywhere we go.
-(interposing voices)
-Hi, girls!
-Good job! Good job.
-Good job.
I'm very proud of everybody.
I thought you guys definitely
did better than seventh place.
-CHRISTI: Yeah.
-HOLLY: I know!
What were those judges thinking?
Even though we didn't place
as high as we thought we were,
like nationals there will be
a different set of judges,
and those judges
will have different opinions
so maybe they'll like our dance better.
I'm proud.
You should be proud of yourself.
ABBY: Since the group
didn't do as well as I like,
the pressure is really on for the solos.
These girls need to get out there
and they need to impress the judges.
They need to take it to another level.
Samba around the room.
One and two, use your head.
One and two, one and two.
Paige hasn't even had her costume on.
Yeah, I've never seen it.
Neither have I,
the finished product.
KELLY: Go.
Right now, hurry up.
ABBY: I told Kelly that Paige's costume
was hanging against the wall.
I had yet to pull it out of the bag.
I never saw it.
Paige, let's see you, babe.
Ugh, I knew it was gonna be too big.
Come here.
PAIGE: I saw my costume.
I thought it was very pretty.
It's just that they normally don't fit.
(indistinct)
Kelly, I think we're gonna
need a headpiece.
Abby, she goes on in 15 minutes.
-Well, you have to make her one.
-(scoffing)
ABBY: We'll just have--
Why is it that my kid always
gets the costume five minutes
before we go on stage,
it doesn't fit,
now I have to make a headpiece?
-I thought her--
-KELLY: Please tell me why.
-I thought her red costume--
-It's--every time it's my kid.
It's either Brooke or it's Paige.
ABBY: The actual costume's okay.
That is just ugly.
Does it looks like 13 to 15 age?
No, she looks like Pennywise the clown.
KELLY: I'm tired of it.
So Abby gives me the costume
for Paige 15 minutes
before she's supposed to go
on stage and it doesn't fit.
She looks like she has (bleep)
in the bottom of her pants.
Everybody gets a new costume
every week and I get (bleep).
The costume clearly
was not the right costume.
So instead of saying, oh, my God,
this is not her costume,
what can she wear?
It was, it's always my daughter!
It's always my--
again, the victim.
-My kid should have her own costume...
-CHRISTI: I agree. I agree.
KELLY: ...that fits more than
five minutes before she goes on stage.
I agree with that.
I'm not letting my daughter go on stage
and feel uncomfortable in a costume.
We don't even have a black chair!
I'm using a hotel chair, for God's sake!
-But what happens--
-KELLY: And if this was anybody else,
they'd have a hot pink (bleep) chair
with rhinestones all over it!
ABBY: When she used the f word
I almost fell off my chair.
You can talk like that in your house
but don't talk like
that around my dancers.
She should've been expelled.
Just pull the number.
Paige, I'm gonna go pull the number.
I need to hear from you.
Do you really think
by not getting on stage
and dancing it's gonna make you better?
KELLY: Everybody gets a new costume
every week and (bleep).
Just pull the number.
Paige, go put your clothes
back on, please.
I'm not letting my daughter go on stage
and feel uncomfortable in a costume.
I'm not allowing her to dance.
ABBY: Paige, are you absolutely positive
you want me to go pull this number?
Yes.
ABBY: Then come with me.
Let's go.
Yeah, it's fine.
CHRISTI: We have...
ABBY:
I have not pulled a number in years.
If a child got hurt and couldn't dance
and we needed to reblock it without them,
I would pull a number.
But just pulling a number because you have
a kid and a mom that are acting
like two big brats
because their costume isn't right?
Ridiculous.
If you don't want to be on stage
and you're not confident,
that's fine.
I will pull the number.
But don't think
that you're gonna get better
sitting on your butt in the audience
watching your friends.
I think Paige thought,
Chloe's gonna win,
Chloe's on top of the pyramid,
and I don't wanna get beat by Chloe
so I'll just sit on my butt
and not do my routine.
That is not teaching a child anything.
Every single week,
my kids' costumes
have either not had one,
we've had to wear our old stuff--
It's never right, Kelly,
it hasn't been right in 14 years.
It's never right.
It's every time for either
my kid or the other--
Okay, you know what?
From now on get your own costumes made.
Okay.
-I'll sketch it, you take them--
-No, I don't need you to sketch it.
-I'll sketch it myself.
-Oh, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no, no. Yes.
I'm getting it made and I'm paying for it,
I'll draw the sketch.
Well then, you have to hire
the choreographer.
-Fine.
-ABBY: Fine.
I don't think Kelly has the wherewithal
to hire a choreographer,
to design a costume,
to find a seamstress,
and to do it all on time.
She wants somebody else?
Good riddance.
She can have somebody else.
Frankly, I have a lot of people
that would love the attention
that I shower upon Paige and Brooke.
Well, from now on
I get to draw my own costumes...
-CHRISTI: Oh, for God's sake.
-...have them made,
and pay for them.
And have my own choreographer.
CHRISTI: (gasping)
Your own choreographer?
Yeah! Isn't that fabulous?
Maybe I'll have a good dance for once!
No.
(upbeat music playing)
KELLY: I'm done talking
with Abby about costumes.
I don't have time.
I have two daughters that
I have to get ready myself.
Brooke is now trying
to get ready for her solo
and lately she has been off her game
because her shoulder was bothering her.
She's been wobbling on tricks
and falling out of things,
and it's just not like Brooke.
If you want to get noticed
for Cirque stuff,
Vegas will definitely be
the place to be noticed.
Just go out and show them what you can do.
Brooke's dance this week,
it's an acrobatic routine,
and this is big for us
because we're in Vegas
and that's the city of Cirque Du Soleil.
So this is the city that Brooke needs
to show them what she can do.
Hopefully she pulls it off.
Okay.
Do good.
Keep your balance.
Don't be nervous.
Don't watch the people in front of you.
Good luck.
BROOKE:
In this solo I'm on my hands a lot,
and have a hard time putting
pressure on my shoulder.
It's just really sore.
I was standing behind the wings
and I decided to do a handstand,
and my shoulder popped out of place.
Did you just pop your shoulder out?
Oh, Brooke.
Is it back in?
Oh, my God, you're like an accident
waiting to happen.
I was just worried I wasn't
gonna be able to do my solo.
ANNOUNCER: Next we have Brooke
performing in "Metamorphosis."
(audience applauding)
("Angel Breath" by Andrew Kardin playing)
BROOKE:
I went to do the handstand on stage
and my shoulder popped out again.
I just kept dancing.
(audience applauding)
ABBY: I could tell by the look
on her face that she was in pain.
Hey.
-What's wrong?
-My shoulder popped out.
I know. I know.
I could tell it was hurting.
It was killing you.
Immediately following her routine
she came right around and found me.
I don't really think it's out.
I think if it was out
you would be screaming in pain.
I was very proud of Brooke.
She's been trained for years to get
out there and do what you know best.
And that's what she did.
(upbeat music playing)
CHRISTI:
I just wanted to let you know that I went
and I had a talk with Miss Abby
about what you told me.
You're not in trouble.
She's not gonna yell at you.
Abby is putting an exorbitant
amount of pressure on a little girl.
We're at the top of the pyramid,
you better win no matter what!
Don't worry about me, okay?
You just go out there and worry about you.
(tense music playing)
CHLOE: Right before I go on stage,
I'm a little bit nervous because
I don't want to forget the number
or mess up something
because Miss Abby says I must win.
ANNOUNCER:
Our final performance,
contestant number 3-6-4
is Chloe performing "Missing You."
("Missing You" by Anna Ayers playing)
SINGER:
♪People need people, we know♪
♪It's the same♪
♪Time to decide when it's wrong♪
♪When it's right♪
♪The way you move♪
♪All I'm ever really
needing you to know♪
(audience applauding)
CHRISTI: I love Chloe in "Missing You."
I was so proud of her in that dance.
I thought she was amazing.
ANNOUNCER: Beautiful work.
(upbeat music playing)
We will now move to our overall...
CHRISTI: I am hoping beyond hope that
Chloe kind of squeaks into the top 10.
I hate to give Abby any kind
of an opportunity to torture my daughter.
ANNOUNCER: In third place.
routine number 153,
that's "Metamorphosis."
(cheers and applause)
ANNOUNCER: Our first-place
overall champion, routine 116,
(indistinct)
(audience cheering)
ABBY: I'm over all the excuses.
No more excuses, Christi.
No more "my poor Chloe,"
no more "Abby shows favorites."
Your kid was the favorite this week,
and you know what?
She blew it.
Vegas was a catastrophe.
I gave Maddie the week off.
Big mistake.
Chloe's time to shine
didn't even make the top 10.
Brooke did something to her shoulder.
Paige scratched her number.
I just want to pretend
Vegas never happened.
I'm disappointed.
I'm disappointed in the routines.
I'm disappointed in the judging.
I'm disappointed in all of you.
I'm done. I've had it.
We're a mess.
We have one more week
in LA before we get to the end
of the line in Tahoe.
They need to get their acts together.
This is not vacation.
Moms, 9:00 AM tomorrow
I want them ready.
We're gonna do a legs and feet class
and a ballet class
and new choreography.
This is my name.
It's my reputation on the line.
My name is not gonna go down.
Uh-uh.
Do you understand that,
all of you?
Step it up.